[Doc] Update memory monitor cgroup v2 support (#44458)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/scheduling/ray-oom-prevention.rst

The memory monitor is a component that runs within the :ref:`raylet <whitepaper>` process on each node. It periodically checks the memory usage, which includes the worker heap, the object store, and the raylet as described in :ref:`memory management <memory>`. If the combined usage exceeds a configurable threshold the raylet will kill a task or actor process to free up memory and prevent Ray from failing.

> It is available on Linux and is tested with Ray running inside a container that is using cgroup v1/v2. If you encounter issues when running the memory monitor outside of a container, please :ref:`file an issue or post a question <oom-questions>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's available on Linux and is tested with Ray running inside a container that is using cgroup v1/v2. If you encounter issues when running the memory monitor outside of a container, :ref:`file an issue or post a question <oom-questions>`.
```

Reviewer: Just a style nit. Please consider installing Vale to catch these fixes. go/vale
